# List of moved files and their old locations

cs_practical_examples/addtoany/share_after.html -> add_to_any/share_after.html
cs_practical_examples/addtoany/share_before.html -> add_to_any/share_before.html
cs_practical_examples/altervista-banner/altervista_body_after -> altervista/altervista_body_after
cs_practical_examples/altervista-banner/altervista_body_after_for_classic_cs.html -> altervista/altervista_body_after_for_classic_cs.html
cs_practical_examples/altervista-banner/altervista_body_before -> altervista/altervista_body_before
cs_practical_examples/altervista-banner/altervista_head_after -> altervista/altervista_head_after
cs_practical_examples/amazon/login_after.html -> amazon/login_after.html
cs_practical_examples/amazon/login_before.html -> amazon/login_before.html
cs_practical_examples/booking/affiliate_after.html -> snippet/booking/affiliate_after.html
cs_practical_examples/booking/affiliate_before.html -> snippet/booking/affiliate_before.html
cs_practical_examples/codepen/embed_after.html -> snippet/codepen/embed_after.html
cs_practical_examples/codepen/embed_before.html -> snippet/codepen/embed_before.html
cs_practical_examples/customerly/widget_after.html -> snippet/customerly/widget_after.html
cs_practical_examples/customerly/widget_before.html -> snippet/customerly/widget_before.html
cs_practical_examples/elevio/bootloader_after.html -> snippet/elev_io/bootloader_after.html
cs_practical_examples/elevio/bootloader_before.html -> snippet/elev_io/bootloader_before.html
cs_practical_examples/facebook/facebook_like_after.html -> facebook_like_after.html
cs_practical_examples/facebook/facebook-like.html -> facebook-like.html
cs_practical_examples/facebook/pixel_after.html -> facebook/pixel_after.html
cs_practical_examples/facebook/pixel_before.html -> facebook/pixel_before.html
cs_practical_examples/freshchat/init_before.html -> snippet/freshchat/init_before.html
cs_practical_examples/google-ads/adword_after_iub_standard_block.html -> adword_after_iub_standard_block.html
cs_practical_examples/google-ads/adwords_after_iub.js -> adwords_after_iub.js
cs_practical_examples/google-adsense/google_ad_sense_async_after.html -> google_ad_sense/google_ad_sense_async_after.html
cs_practical_examples/google-adsense/google_ad_sense_async_before.html -> google_ad_sense/google_ad_sense_async_before.html
cs_practical_examples/google-maps/with_key_after.html -> google_map/with_key_after.html
cs_practical_examples/google-maps/with_key_before.html -> google_map/with_key_before.html
cs_practical_examples/intercom/widget_after.html -> snippet/intercom/widget_after.html
cs_practical_examples/intercom/widget_before.html -> snippet/intercom/widget_before.html
cs_practical_examples/openx-banner/openx_after.html -> openx_after.html
cs_practical_examples/openx-banner/openx_before.html -> openx_before.html
cs_practical_examples/soundcloud/soundcloud-after.html -> soundcloud-after.html
cs_practical_examples/soundcloud/soundcloud_before.html -> soundcloud_before.html
cs_practical_examples/tradetracker/tradetracker_async_after.html -> tradetracker/tradetracker_async_after.html
cs_practical_examples/tradetracker/tradetracker_async_before.html -> tradetracker/tradetracker_async_before.html
cs_practical_examples/tripadvisor/is_consent_given.html -> is_consent_given.html
cs_practical_examples/tripadvisor/reload_on_consent.html -> reload_on_consent.html
cs_practical_examples/tripadvisor/tripadisor_badge_before.html -> tripadisor_badge_before.html
cs_practical_examples/tripadvisor/tripadvisor_badge_after.html -> trip_advisor/tripadvisor_badge_after.html
cs_practical_examples/tripadvisor/tripadvisor_writereview_after.html -> trip_advisor/tripadvisor_writereview_after.html
